we start in Northern Gaza where Israeli
shelling and snipers have wounded
several Palestinians as they waited for
Aid doctors at a shifer hospital are
treating the injured on the floor
Israeli troops targeted crowds waiting
for Aid to enter nauli roundabout in
Gaza City civil defense Crews have
recovered the bodies of Palestinians
killed in the latest Israeli air strikes
in Gaza City at least 10 people were
killed in the attacks on several areas
the city on Sunday wounded children and
others were pulled from the rubble of
their destroyed homes in the aabra
neighborhood meanwhile the Royal
Jordanian Air Forces carried out an A
Drop operation in Gaza delivering much
needed humanitarian Aid hundreds of
displaced people gathered where the aid
was dropped much of it fell along the
coast Palestinians had to wait out into
the sea to obtain the
packages abum is live for us in RA in
southern Gaza let's start with the
latest strikes from the air sniping from
the ground it's a day of very gruesome
images emerging from Gaza take us
through
them yes Sammy another bloody day that
took place again as the Israeli forces
are even waging more military attacks
across Gaza stban in the past hour we
have been recording more military
attacks on the
of kanun were at least five Palestinians
there have reported killed as a part of
the ongoing bombardment of the city uh
civil defense as well managed to recover
five dead bodies that were killed
previously in a previous Israeli
bombardment for the city and being
transported to the European hospital
later for burial and we have been also
hearing more loud confrontations and
fire Exchange in the western southern
part of the city of kanun as a part of
the ongoing battles raging in the city
there between the Israeli military
troops and the Israeli fighter as well
we also have been seeing thatat refugee
camp had been widely attacked as well
where a residential building was reduced
to the rle but what is also had been
reportedly happened Samy within the past
few days is the ongoing shooting of
people who were waiting for humanitarian
supplies today the another part of Gaza
and for the third day in a row
Palestinians have been reported killed
and injured after being exposed to the
Israeli fires as they are trying to
search for something that will help them
to survive in the Norther and desperate
part of the
city
and tell us what you know about this a
drop by the Jordanian Air
[Music]
Force yes Samy just a few hours ago I've
been seeing in this R and parts of Gaza
and a Jordanian uh military plane
dropping different and parachuting uh
different uh humanitarian AIDS and it's
not yet clear if they are being
delivered to the people or to the
Jordanian field hospital that had been
established within the war inside Gaza
but we have been seeing crowds of people
being gathered in the coastal line of
the southern part of Gaza waiting for
such drops to get and to land here in
Rafa or even in the coastal line
in fact the vast majority of such drops
have been landed in the sea in the
middle of the sea where people cannot
really manage to obtain it and this is
absolutely terrifying as people are in a
very desperate need for humanitarian
supplies in light of the very limited
number of humanitarian trucks being
allowed to get into Gaza throughout the
last two remaining uh spots of a
deliveries all right stay with us for a
moment th we're going to come back to
you but I want to pick up on a line
that's been breaking today and that's
his Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu insisting that a ground
invasion in Rafa will happen now he says
only a potential seat that a potential
ceasefire will only delay that Israel's
Army presented its operational plan to
the war cabinet on Sunday ahead of the
planned offensive at least 1 and a half
million Palestinians are Sheltering in
Rafa that's more than half the strip's
population let's go to H because she
joins us now from occupied East
Jerusalem so looking at this plan is it
clear hamda what happens to the people
if they go in and invade Rafa in the
South where a lot of Palestinians have
been cramming into that southern
corner there's still a lot of unknowns
when it comes to Benjamin Netanyahu and
his Army's plans for how exactly they're
going to evacuate more than a million
and a half Palestinians who are seeking
refuge in Rafa gaza's Southernmost city
what was supposed to be known as the
last safe place for Palestinians in the
Gaza Strip now the Israeli Prime
Minister says this plan is twofold the
first involves this evacuation and the
second involves the military operation
as to how they're going to go in and
defeat what he says are the remaining
Hamas battalions in Rafa but despite all
of the international criticism despite
all of the condemnation about going into
Raa the Israelis remain persistent on
wanting to go in on the ground Israeli
officials speaking anonymously to
Israeli media have said that perhaps one
of the ideas that's being floated is
moving the Palestinians to KH Yunis but
this is an area where a ground invasion
is already commencing where there is
Relentless bombardment and in Rafa there
is Relentless bombardment air strikes
and shelling that is already happening
so it's not really known exactly where
they're going to go and how but the
Israeli Prime Minister says they want to
move civilians quote out of inter you we
got to J in and go back to we understand
something has just happened some kind of
strike or something where you are take
us through what's happening there
now yes Sammy in fact as we've been
waiting for you to return back to me
just to keep reporting about the latest
update on the ground a sudden loud
exploding being heard just a few meters
away from Al Kuwaiti Hospital from our
location right now it was a loud
explosion that took place after a very
intensive military movement for the
Israeli surveillance and F drones on the
vicinity of the Kuwaiti Hospital a loud
explosion a loud fire had been heard
inside this area we've been hearing the
sound of the missile as it was hiding to
the Target where everyone as you can see
right now at the backy ground has
started to rush to see what is happening
because uh there is a a very big gloud
explosion that is followed with more
smokes Rising as you can see right now
on the horizon of the backy ground we
are trying to check uh to to see what
will happen next specifically that the
majority of ambulances of Al kuti
Hospital rushed to the location of the
targeting now the attack in fact happens
in are right now we need to let you go
to take with
evacuees uh we are trying to be safe as
you right now can see there is no any
safe place in Gaza bombardment is in
everywhere even in an area that supposed
to be as a safe Zone we are wearing our
helmet our vest right now people here
were having a kind of a very active
movement here in the streets because
it's a it's a rush hour they are trying
to take what everything that they are in
a very desperate need for before they
just return back to the evacuation
centers that they are Sheltering in so
the attack had been very loud as you can
right now hear the ambulances are trying
to bring if there's any casualties or
victims had been resulted from the
Israeli military attack
and on the point which ham was talking
about as you gather perhaps some more
information of what's happening around
you taric the threats of a ground
Invasion that will that Israel will
begin in Rafa what about the population
there have they been informed anything
about what's going to happen to them any
evacuation plan where they'll go and so
on well Sammy what you can see right now
is a very tiny uh scenario of what might
be expected more if there's going to be
a military incursion a military
incursion for Palestinians in the South
means that there is going to be
unrelenting intense of Israeli
bombardment for residential
neighborhoods as what we have been
hearing within the past few moments and
it means that there's going to be more
Bloodshed among civilians and an
incredible raise increase of casualties
among civilians and what Palestinians
are also are terrifying is the collapse
laap of negotiations being made by qatan
and Egypt between Hamas and Israel in
terms to reach for a a ceasefire that
might bring an end for the hostility and
release of Israeli captives as well from
inside Gaza but also Palestinians
started to practically prepare for the
day next like some families had
evacuated to the uh Central areas of
Gaza which had been also under intense
Israeli bombardment others refuse to
leave because simply they are saying we
have nowhere else to go our house in the
North being destroyed and we if we're
going to return back to the north we
will only live on the dees of our
destroyed buildings all right thanks so
much T our Zoom there